README.md, before:

# project-one

                                                        Covid-19 Vaccination Rates in Chicago
This project will focus on vaccination rates for each of Chicago's zip codes as they compare to income per capita. 
The data sets we plan to use include:
1. City of Chicago COVID-19 Vaccine Doses by Zip Code https://data.cityofchicago.org/Health-Human-Services/COVID-19-Vaccine-Doses-by-ZIP-Code-At-Least-One-Do/c28u-q29v
    - analyze number of people in each zip code who have recieved at least one dose- bar chart by zipcode
    - percentage of people in each zip code who have received at least one dose
    - create a line graph that compares percentages

2. US Census Bureau API # Run Census Search to retrieve data on all zip codes (2013 ACS5 Census)
# See: https://github.com/CommerceDataService/census-wrapper for library documentation
# See: https://gist.github.com/afhaque/60558290d6efd892351c4b64e5c01e9b for labels
    - Average age for each Chicago zip code
    - Average household income for each Chicago zip code
    - heat map of average household income

Identify if there is a correlation between average household income and percentage of population who have received one dose of a COVID-19 vaccine

Commit message:

manually moved Eugene and Sarah data to one file

README.md, after:

# project-one - Covid-19 Vaccination Rates in Chicago
-----------------------------------------

### Group Members 
    - Sarah Eiden
    - Amy Barba
    - Eugene Xu 
    - John Cass

### PROJECT DESCRIPTION/OUTLINE:
This project will focus on vaccination rates for each of Chicago's zip codes as they compare to income per capita. 
The data sets we plan to use include:

1. City of Chicago COVID-19 Vaccine Doses by Zip Code https://data.cityofchicago.org/Health-Human-Services/COVID-19-Vaccine-Doses-by-ZIP-Code-At-Least-One-Do/c28u-q29v
    - analyze number of people in each zip code who have recieved at least one dose- bar chart by zipcode
    - percentage of people in each zip code who have received at least one dose
    - create a line graph that compares percentages


2. US Census Bureau API # Run Census Search to retrieve data on all zip codes (2013 ACS5 Census)
https://github.com/CommerceDataService/census-wrapper for library documentation
https://gist.github.com/afhaque/60558290d6efd892351c4b64e5c01e9b for labels
    - Average age for each Chicago zip code
    - Average household income for each Chicago zip code
    - heat map of average household income

### Questions we want to answer

    - Is there a correlation between average household income and percentage of population who have received one dose of a COVID-19 vaccine?

    - Why are certain zip codes receiving a higher percentage of vaccines than others? 
    
    - Is there a correlation between median age and % vaccinated per zip code?
